[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> No other star system in
our galaxy has been connected
to more ancient sites and
cultures than the Pleiades star
cluster.
Mythologies describe beings
from the Pleiades who
traveled to Earth through
star gates known as pathways,
where upon their
arrival, they influenced
and advanced civilization
for the humans of that time.
What is the Pleiadean
influence in the continuation
of our evolution, as humanity
looks to the stars and life
beyond our world?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> In the northern
sky in December,
people can readily
pick out the Pleiades.
You can find the three
belt stars of Orion.
Just follow that
line-- you're going
to see a cluster of seven
stars called the Seven
Sisters, or the Pleiades.
Now, the thing about it is,
is that to our naked eye,
we don't see seven stars.
But yet, the Pleiades are called
the Seven Sisters or the seven
doves.
And it's always
the number seven.
And people are like, well,
how come I can only see six?
The seventh star is
a shell star that has
varying degrees of brightness.
And astronomers have
calculated that the last time
we could very clearly
and distinctly see
seven stars in the Pleiades
was 100,000 years ago.
Astronomers suggest that is the
beginning of all these stories
about the Pleiades
being the Seven Sisters,
that it goes back that long.
So are they saying
Pleiadeans have
been coming to Earth
for 100,000 years
and telling us about
their home world?
You can argue that that
is what they are saying.
And that is very
interesting, and to suggest
that they have been part of this
vastly ancient race, or a race
that has been here for this
very vast period of time,
have been influencing
human affairs.
>> The Pleiadeans have been
coming to Earth for a very long
time.
We have records of connection
to the Pleiades going back
to prehistory.
When we look at civilizations
like Lemuria, which is often
described as a seafaring
civilization that
used the stars to travel
and track and move,
we find so many links to the
Pleiadean star system that
stayed present in Polynesian
cultures all the way
through to the Maori and the
Hawaiians and the South Pacific
Islanders.
>> One of the most important
structures at Machu Picchu is
the Torreón.
Now, this is a tower
that's actually
built into the living
rock that would
seem to have been of great
astronomical importance.
There are these two windows--
trapezoidal windows.
And this was seen to have
been very specifically
placed so that you could
watch the Pleiades.
And the Pleiades
would seem to have
been a crucially important
constellation in Incan
and pre-Incan tradition.
>> We should also think about
and remember the legends
of the Hopi Indians.
In this case, they
are also speaking
about the gods of the
Pleiades with good intentions.
Specifically, those beings
that had saved their ancestors
from a great catastrophe that
happened in the Pacific Ocean.
According to them, these
beings were called kachinas,
and they came in
these flying shields.
It is said that they rescued
these people from a land called
Kasskara to take them
to different parts
of the Americas.
I could also quote
the Mayan legend
that mentions that through
a hollow pathway, almost
like a hollow serpent, our
ancestors came to the Americas.
One of the ancestral legends
speaks about this story.
For example, in my country in
Peru, there's a very special
and ancient temple
called Chavín de Huántar.
And this temple, that is
about 3,000 years old,
contains a great rock, a great
altar called Choque Chinchay,
which has several holes
which appear to represent
the Pleiades star system.
Priests of this cave
would observe these holes
filled with water almost
like mirrors reflecting
the Pleiadean star system.
>> The Pleiades star system
is one of the largest star
clusters we know of,
consisting of over 800 stars,
and it's found roughly 444
light years from Earth--
quite a distance away.
But the influences
that seem to come there
are found around the world.
One of the really
interesting things
we find when we look
at these descriptions
of these Indigenous
groups, whether it's
the Maya of Mexico, or the
Hopi of the Southwestern United
States, is that they describe a
specific planet in the Pleiades
star cluster known as Maia.
And when you look at the
connections with the name Maya,
many researchers believe
that based on the name,
they were creating
their civilization
in the image of the
Pleiades on Earth
with the Maya civilization.
In East Tennessee, it's the
home of the Cherokee Indians.
And Cherokee Indian storytellers
were given permission
to publish Cherokee creation
mythology for the first time.
I'm paraphrasing, but
essentially, the Cherokee
believe they were created
by the Pleiadeans, who
were beings of light, who rode
a sound wave through a hole
in space over East Tennessee
and created the Cherokee
as guardians of a vortex.
Now, that's a very
elaborate creation
mythology and very specific.
It describes the types of
beings the Pleiadeans were--
beings of light; how they
travel the stars on sound waves;
their purpose for coming here--
to establish an Earth
vortex or outpost;
the creation of the Cherokee
as guardians of that vortex--
that's profound.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
There are other
first nation tribes
that describe relationships
with the Pleiadeans,
including the Hopi, and
also, the Hawaiians.
The original religion
of the Hawaiian people
was all orientated towards the
Pleiades and the recognition
that their kings could
travel on rainbows
to and from the Pleiades.
So that's another story that has
to be vastly ancient as well.
Many believe that
the Hawaiian islands
are the remnants of a lost
civilization called Mu.
And it may well be that
the Hawaiians are recalling
these ancient myths
about their progenitors
that go back to that distant
time in Earth history.
>> I had the opportunity as
a geologist-anthropologist
in the country of Bolivia many
years ago to receive gifts from
the Indigenous.
And these were stones that
had embedded within it
small little gold leaf
geometries showing
the outline of the Pleiades.
So perfectly were
the gold leaves
put in using a type of
different technology
that I'm not
acquainted with, that
would suggest that these
were gifts from the Pleiadean
representatives who would
appear to the Indigenous,
not only the peoples of
Bolivia, but the Kogi peoples
of Colombia in the North--
even the Xavante peoples
from the South of Brazil.
These stones illustrated the
cooperation of the Seven Stars,
Seven Sisters of the Pleiades.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> If Pleiadean beings have
been visiting Earth for perhaps
hundreds of thousands of years,
could they have also been
participating with humans
at the level of our DNA?
>> Some unknown
thousands of years ago,
a group of extraterrestrials
arrived here,
and that was not a coincidence.
Because, again, long
before, millions of years
ago, they created life simply
by infecting certain region
of their Milky Way with DNA.
They knew exactly
that only on planets
which are similar than
the one they came,
some life would be evolved.
So they knew in advance that
they would come to Earth,
and they will find
forms of life.
And one of these forms of
life was our ancestors.
They simply took one example
of it, took one simple cell,
and changed the DNA in the cell.
This cell grows,
multiplies, and then they
put it into the womb of a
female of the same species.
This female, after a
certain amount of months,
will give birth to a child.
The child has definitely the
evolution of the parents.
>> Pleiadeans are playing a
role with humanity in evolution,
partly because they are
genetically related to human
beings.
But that being said, it is
not all genetic material
from Pleiadean race.
As human beings, there
is approximately 12
different genetics that are
laced throughout humanity.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> "Keys of Enoch" tell us
that the Pleiades represent
representatives from the various
star kingdoms in the heavens
that came together
as an association.
And they were responsible
primarily for the upgrading
of civilization on this planet.
According to the
"Keys of Enoch,"
the Pleiades are the cradle,
as well as the throne,
of human civilization.
That is to say, in
the reconstruction
of the genetic tracts
of where we are,
the Pleiades represent
the foundation.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Pleiadeans exist as both
physical and nonphysical
beings.
While some researchers report
that the majority of Pleiadeans
visiting Earth are nonphysical,
some Pleiadeans occasionally
present themselves within our
three-dimensional reality.
What we know about their
civilization and their origins
tends to be learned mostly
from contactees, or those
who channel information.
There are some people who
feel that their DNA has been
activated to have a conscious
memory and association as being
Pleiadean themselves, as
with former NASA engineering
technician, Dale
Harder, who relates
to a group from the star Taygeta
called Taygetan Pleiadeans.
>> The skin color of Taygetan
Pleiadeans is like a white
or Caucasian, a light tan.
And their eyes can be
blue, or they can be hazel,
and sometimes are brown.
They have brown hair or auburn,
and they also have blonde hair.
The women are very striking,
exceptionally beautiful.
And the men are very striking.
They're muscular, tall, very
attractive in that regard.
They typically range anywhere
from 6 and 1/2 to 7 and 1/2,
or even up to 8 feet.
>> The Pleiadeans are tall, and
they have blue or green eyes.
They're pinned up at the
ends, almost catlike.
You can still see humans
today with resemblance
of a Pleiadean.
There are a lot of people
born with blonde hair.
And if you think of
the very early humans,
they did not have blonde hair.
They had dark skin, dark eyes.
So this is just a
hybridization program
that has been going
on for a while
and has created different color
skin, different color eyes.
And you can see the traits
running through our culture.
>> In ufology, the Nordic
aliens, or the Pleiadeans,
or considered to be
the tall blondes.
Some think they're
7 to 8 feet tall.
Since the 1950s,
when George Adamski
claimed to have a contact
with these Nordic beings,
the Pleiadeans have
always been presented
as these sort of benevolent
beings, very loving beings,
nurturing towards humanity.
The Pleiadeans are always
associated with magical ideas
of love and unity.
And that is like their hallmark.
We could perhaps extrapolate
from that, that that is what
Pleiadean civilization is like.
Now, the Pleiades, they might
not all be tall blondes.
There could be
multitudes of races, even
reptilian beings living in
the Pleiades star system.
But yet, we've tried to
make them all unified,
that there's only one way that
these beings can be portrayed,
when, in fact, the reality
is completely different.
>> According to Taygetan
Pleiadean Swaruu,
who is said to communicate with
specific humans here on Earth,
there are a variety of species
living throughout the Pleiades
constellation.
>> Around the star Taygeta,
we find the Taygetan people.
And these people also
look very similar
to the Scandinavian
people on Earth.
They're similar in size of
stature, build, color of hair,
and even eyes, to Earth humans.
But the Taygetan women
can be distinguished
by their strong cheekbones
and the finely chiseled
physical and facial features.
Around the star Alcyone,
we find the Yena people.
They look like Caucasian
Earth humans in size,
stature, build, color
of hair, and eyes.
But yet, some Yena
are light beings
who only take physical
form when they want to.
Around the star Electra,
we find the Engan people.
The Engans look very
similar to the Taygetans,
as both races have
that Scandinavian look
to themselves.
But the Engan women have
rounder and heavier features
that are less defined
than Taygetan women.
Around the star Maia,
we find the Maia people,
which might be connected
to the Maya and Hopi people
on Earth because they look
just like human beings,
but they stand a little bit
bigger and a little bit taller
than Earth humans.
And they do have
that reddish skin
that looks very similar to
the Maya people on Earth.
When we look to
the star Pleione,
we find the Solatian people.
The Solatian people look also
just like Caucasian Earth
humans, but they're
a bit taller with
well-proportioned features, and
their hair is extremely blonde.
Though the Solatian
people look human,
they do have a bit more
of an alien appearance
with a much whiter skin to them.
As we explore the star Asterope,
we find the Elohi people.
The Elohi are bipedal,
with two arms and two legs,
just as you expect,
but their skulls
are elongated and
larger than humans.
They have the ability to
transcend their physical form
to become light beings.
And using the power
of their mind,
they have the ability to
create physical objects.
Around the star Celaeno, we find
the Celestes, or what people
call them, the Blue Pleiadeans.
The Celeano are a subspecies
of the Andromedans.
This means that
they are humanoid,
but with clear, blue
tint to their skin.
As we get to the star Merope,
we find the Hyadean people,
which are a feline race.
The Hyadean race of Merope look
just like the bipedal felines
that we know as the Urmah.
They look like lions
or tigers, but they
stand about 9 feet tall.
And because of their way
their bodies are built,
they can be biped or
quadruped as it suits them.
Around the star Atlas, we
find the Atlantis people.
These are humanoid Giants.
Their skin is copper-colored,
and their eyes
can be blue, green, or brown.
Around the star Sterope, we find
the Sau'k, which are a Sauroid
type of people.
These are unlike any other
reptilian-type people
because they're positive,
and they work well
with other human beings.
They are bipedal reptilians,
but they're warm-blooded,
and they can maintain their
own internal temperature.
And interestingly enough,
like other reptiles,
they do lay eggs.
>> A lot of my clients will
remember being a Pleiadean.
They go through
the forgetfulness
that we all do when we
come into this 3D reality.
But there are many
people that if they
did a hypnotic
regression would realize
that they have deep ancestry
in the Pleiadean star system.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Orbiting around Taygeta
is a planet called Erra.
It has been reported by some
researchers and contactees
that Erra is the home world
to some Pleiadean races.
>> It's slightly smaller than
Earth and has a lot of trees
and forests,
mountains, and streams.
Everybody exists basically
to help one another,
to serve one another.
And everybody is involved
in what they love to do.
So whether you're an artist,
or you're a musician,
or you build ships, it all
contributes to the whole.
And what you do
is based not only
for betterment of
yourself, but in service
to someone else or others.
We have basically a matriarchal
society with about 75% female,
25% male.
There's never any problem.
There's no competition.
There is no greed.
There is no being taught to
compete with your neighbor
or anyone else.
None of that exists.
Cities are ultramodern
in form and function.
>> The people from Pleiades
are actually high vibrational
beings that could see
future, past, present,
and kind of guided the rest
of the people in the galaxy
to create a confederation.
So they go beyond the
systems, beyond the idea
of having politics,
of having structures
like pyramids and stuff.
They are trying to work
with the inner systems.
So they work with our
chakras, with our emotions,
with our soul.
Because they are in the
fifth dimension, most of them
just take the shape of what
we expect for them to be.
So they are familiar to us.
They don't eat.
They don't have this
relationship with matter
as we do.
That's why they can
transcend the matter,
and they can shape as they wish.
Because basically,
they are using light,
and they can mold the
light by thinking.
That's why they look like
these perfect beings,
but it's because we project
on them this perfection.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> According to what witnesses
you are speaking to, we will
find many different perspectives
in terms of contact with
the Pleiadeans.
It is important to
analyze and be discerning
of all the information.
Because, in some
cases, they appear
to be very scientific
and observant,
such as what was told from the
alleged Pleiadeans to Billy
Edward Meier.
They stated, "We are not
spiritual guidance counselors
for humanity.
We are simply more
evolved beings
with different science that are
observing without interfering."
However, this image
of the Pleiadeans
changes when it comes
to the channelings.
This becomes more an image of
spiritual guidance counselors,
which even give to humans
methods of meditation
and raising consciousness.
Let me remind you
that the Pleiades is
a large constellation with
many different planets.
There are beings
that speak about
contact with beings from
the star Taygeta, where
others speak about contact
with beings from the Maia star.
And including that,
extraterrestrials
have shared with us names
that are unknown to us
about different stars
in the Pleiades.
I could add that
these beings that
tend to have a
human aspect, that
have good intentions
with us, and have
attempted to provide
us useful information.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> It is easy to assume that
Pleiadeans mastered space
travel long ago.
Whether using technologies
to manipulate time, or open
portals to access our
space and dimension,
what we know about
their technology
comes primarily
through contactees.
Dale Harder suggests that
he is a human avatar for one
of the Taygetan Pleiadeans on
board a ship in Earth's orbit.
He explains part of the
Taygetan technology.
>> It's been asked of me
how we have the technology,
how we actually build our craft.
As a craft builder, as a
designer and so forth myself.
We work with what's
called polymorphic metals.
And these metals
are designed such
that they can change shape
under certain influences,
like magnetic fields
and gravitational fields
and so forth.
So we will take a design,
or a part of a ship,
or even an entire hull of a
ship, we will take that AI.
We will instruct it-- this
is the shape of the ship
that we want.
Take the polymorphic
material, put it
into a specific magnetic
field and gravitational field,
and it makes a particular
template of that ship.
So then that hull
becomes a single piece.
Now, up to that point
it is transmutable.
And after we give
the instruction,
then that polymorphic
material retains its shape.
Now, the ships are self-healing.
That means if it takes a hit
or it's damaged in some form,
it will heal itself.
It has a memory.
And the AI that
controls the ship,
that AI then instructs the
ship, return to this, do this,
do that.
So they can heal
themselves and return
to normality very quickly.
We use crystal and reactors
to power the engines.
In the case of the
cruiser, we have
a minimum of four engines,
four crystal reactors,
and they are producing
enormous amounts of power.
These reactors have a little
device shaped like a merkaba.
This merkaba, and thousands
and thousands of them,
are set inside a gravitational
and electromagnetic field.
So as these toroidal fluids are
moving, all of these merkabas
are traveling.
Then this thing is
assembled like an onion,
and it has layers.
And each layer is
moving as the toroid,
and they're all
reinforcing and re-enacting
the field for each other.
And then the energy is
extracted from this reactor
as free energy.
And it is then channeled
to do the work.
>> In the fourth dimension, in
order to travel through time,
you need a lot of gravity.
So gravity in between
planets, the core
of a planet, when you manage
that gravity you can basically
bend time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> What is the influence of the
Pleiadeans on humanity going
forward into the future?
>> According to these
researchers that have done
channeling work into these
groups from the Pleiades star
systems, they describe how they
became involved in humanity
at different stages of time.
And their interest
in our story was
that if something
were to happen to us,
and we weren't able to
achieve the next stage
of where we're going consciously
and as a society, that they
may be directly affected.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The main goal of
Pleiadean people
is to become seeds of
creation for planets
that are becoming aware.
So they are the main
people that can download
what is being created
in the sixth dimension
into the third dimension.
Basically, they
say if all creation
comes from the sixth dimension
to the third dimension, that
means that the third
dimension can also
be able to modify
the sixth dimension
and to create a new reality.
Their agenda is to help each
one of these worlds that
are in process of
evolution to become
the creators of
their own reality.
So the Pleiadeans are the only
ones that can teach us and show
us how to connect with that
inner truth that other species
cannot.
So listening to them
and connecting to them
would be the best
option for us today.
>> As we are so close
to the Pleiades,
you could see why a civilization
like that would want to keep
an eye on us.
Because what we do on our planet
could have dramatic effects
on their star system.
So they are coming here,
infiltrating, trying to guide.
Make sure that we don't do
anything stupid, I think,
is their number one imperative.
>> Regarding the Pleiades,
I believe they are 444 light
years away.
That's some distance to travel
every day to go to work.
And so I'm not sure
where they're living.
Maybe they have a bungalow out
at Area 51 or some other place.
I'm not joking about that.
Maybe they have facilities for
these ET races to live here.
They come from another
planet, and they
might have special needs.
They might have to breathe
different atmosphere,
eat different foods.
And so there may be something
that they require to survive,
environmentally speaking.
And so we might have
to accommodate them
in some special way.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The Pleiadeans are
very benevolent beings
and always available to help.
Any time you need them or
want anything from them,
all you have to do is ask and
they will communicate with you.
When we are at the
point in our evolution
where extraterrestrials
will walk amongst us,
you will see a
lot of Pleiadeans.
>> I think there's a strong,
ongoing influence that
the Pleiadean culture has here.
And we need it right now.
Because we're in a
stage of humanity
trying to open up to the
diversity of our people,
starting to recognize that
we're not all one way.
We're not all one race.
We're not all one belief system.
But we are many
different kinds of people
with many different
kinds of origins,
many kinds of cultures.
And the Pleiadeans teach
us to flow like water.
How can you embrace whatever
container you're in,
how can you accept and absorb
anyone's energy as part of you,
and recognize that
we're part of one living
human family together?
>> They're very invested in us
succeeding and very protective
of us because they have a goal.
And the goal is to
preserve this planet
and to preserve us as an
advanced DNA structure.
Because very soon, we'll be
working on our DNA as portals.
And once we grow to the
next level of consciousness
and awareness, we'll
be able to utilize
that to travel
through multiverses
with effortless
consciousness and awareness.
>> In my contact experience,
the missing pieces are the other
cultures that come together,
each contributing an aspect
of the star system we
call the Pleiadean system,
in terms of the synthesis of
the seven working together.
It is the sign.
It is the symbol.
It is the substance
of beings that are now
appearing on the North
American reservation,
particularly the Hopi, that
come from the Pleiades that
would be one of the
great stories of contact
in the 21st century.
The wayshowers, the
avant-garde, will come largely
from that region we
call the Pleiades.
These will be our
cosmic counterparts.
And the Indigenous traditions
will be vindicated.
We will understand the rainbow
colors of the rainbow nations
of the great bridge that will be
built between heaven and Earth,
as we ourselves become
the musical instruments
of ascension.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The Pleiadeans have long
been considered a source
of influence upon
human evolution,
from influencing our DNA, to
having close relationships with
our world's Indigenous peoples.
As we look to the future with
our current understanding
of quantum entanglement, the
limitations of time and space
give way to the possibility
of instant communication
throughout the universe.
And with that, we
can look forward
to a more developed
understanding
about our galactic cousins as
they share their intelligence,
compassion, and spiritual
wisdom in a new era of expanded
awareness and communication from
beyond this terrestrial world.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Join us next time when we cover
one of the more controversial
species in the galaxy--
the Reptilians.
[MUSIC PLAYING]